deploy/README.md, before:

# OpenTrusty Control Panel Deployment

This package contains the static build of the OpenTrusty Control Panel administration interface.

## Package Contents

- `dist/`: Static assets (HTML, JS, CSS).
- `Caddyfile.example`: Recommended Caddy configuration.
- `README.md`: Deployment guide.
- `LICENSE`: Apache 2.0 license.

## Deployment Strategy

The Control Panel is a React-based Single Page Application (SPA). It must be served by a web server like Nginx or Caddy.

### 1. Requirements
- A web server (e.g., Caddy)
- Connectivity to the OpenTrusty Admin Plane API (typically on port 8081)

### 2. Manual Deployment
1. Copy the `dist/` directory to your web server's root (e.g., `/var/www/opentrusty-control-panel`).
2. Configure your web server to serve `index.html` for all unknown routes (SPA routing).
3. Set up a reverse proxy for `/api/*` to point to your OpenTrusty Admin Plane.

### 3. Example using Caddy
See the included `Caddyfile.example`. You can use it as a starting point:

```bash
cp Caddyfile.example /etc/caddy/Caddyfile
# Edit /etc/caddy/Caddyfile to match your domain and API addresses
systemctl reload caddy
```

## Environment Configuration

The frontend is built with base URLs pointing to `/api` by default. Ensure your reverse proxy correctly maps `/api` to the Admin Plane's listener.

Commit message:

feat(deploy): implement runtime configuration via config.js and install.sh
- Added public/config.js for runtime environment configuration
- Created deploy/install.sh that prompts for API/Auth URLs at install time
- Updated API client to use getApiBaseUrl() from runtime config
- Removed hardcoded VITE_API_BASE_URL dependency
- Updated deployment documentation

deploy/README.md, after:

# OpenTrusty Control Panel Deployment

This package contains the static build of the OpenTrusty Control Panel administration interface.

## Package Contents

- `dist/`: Static assets (HTML, JS, CSS).
- `deploy/install.sh`: Automated installer script.
- `Caddyfile.example`: Recommended Caddy configuration.
- `README.md`: Deployment guide.
- `LICENSE`: Apache 2.0 license.

## Quick Install

```bash
# Run the installer (will prompt for configuration)
sudo ./deploy/install.sh

# Or provide environment variables
sudo OPENTRUSTY_API_URL=https://admin.yourdomain.com/api/v1 \
     OPENTRUSTY_AUTH_URL=https://auth.yourdomain.com \
     ./deploy/install.sh
```

## Manual Deployment

1. Copy the `dist/` directory to your web server's root (e.g., `/var/www/opentrusty-control-panel`).
2. Edit `dist/config.js` to set your API and Auth URLs.
3. Configure your web server to serve `index.html` for all unknown routes (SPA routing).

## Runtime Configuration

The Control Panel uses runtime configuration via `/config.js`. This file is generated by `install.sh` and can be edited manually:

```javascript
window.__OPENTRUSTY_CONFIG__ = {
  API_BASE_URL: "https://admin.yourdomain.com/api/v1",
  AUTH_BASE_URL: "https://auth.yourdomain.com"
};
```

## Example using Caddy

See the included `Caddyfile.example`. You can use it as a starting point:

```bash
cp Caddyfile.example /etc/caddy/Caddyfile
# Edit /etc/caddy/Caddyfile to match your domain
systemctl reload caddy
```
